Entertainment News
Only on our site you will learn the most current and interesting news about entertainment.
We fully discover and talk about three kinds of entertainment: common news, concerts and cinema.
Click on links to learn more.

Fashion
Miss Universe
Recently passed the world famous Miss Universe contest where 85 contestants from different countries took part. The winner was a representative of the United States of America R'Bonney Gabriel. R'Bonney is Filipino American. She is a model and a fashion designer. 
In addition, the five were representatives of Dominikan, Venezuela, Puerto Rico and Curacao. All the girls had incredibly beautiful costumes that represented their national culture. 
Golden Globes
Also a very popular event this year is Golden globes. The event gathered the most famous and talented performers. Each of them was able to shine his outfit and impress the audience.
Colour of 2023
Panton LLC prseneted the colour of this year. This colour is Viva Magenta 18-1750. This color comes from a natural red shade. The shade is bold but at the same time optimistic and festive. Many designers are already inspired by this color and boldly use it in their future collections.
Tatjana Patitz
The famous Greek model of the nineties died. She’s always been a symbol of elegance, maturity, elusiveness. Tatjana was only 56 years old.

Concerts
The Weeknd
Famous singer is preparing a huge tour through 19 countries, such as Belgium, Spain, France, Italy and others. The tour will last from the beginning of summer until the end of autumn.
Drake
Drake is going to have two concerts in Argentina and Chile on 17 March, a concert in Colombia on 23 March and in Brazil on 24 March. 
Ed Sheeran
The performer will travel four countries (New Zealand, Australia, US, Canada) with 39 shows. The tour will take place in many cities from the end of January to the end of September. In Wellington the singer will perform as much as four times, while in other cities he will make only one or two performances.
Justin Bieber
Justin Bieber does not stay aside and is going to visit 15 countries with 35 concerts this year. 
Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift announced a 2023 tour of the United States. The tour will run from March to the end of the summer by different states and cities of USA.

Cinema
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania
The film will be shown on 17 February. The Marvel Universe never ceases to amaze us with the novelties of cinema. Most of their movies become popular right after release. See what happens with this.
Dune: Part Two
It is known that the film will be released in November. The ending of the first part was very blurry and incomprehensible. Viewers deeply appreciated the first part of the film and in waiting of the second one. 
Wonka
The film will be released in December. This is one of the most anticipated films of the year. Viewers can only assume that they will see on the screens. But everyone is sure that the film will be very interesting.
Barbie
The release of this film is expected in July. Since viewers don’t take this movie seriously we can’t be sure it will become popular. But since the audience of this film is mostly children’s, perhaps the right advertising will do its job.

Museums
Musée du Louvre, Paris
It is one of the most popular museums in the world. There are a lot of different memorials from 19 century, which attract everyone with their variety and history. The museum itself also has an interesting story. So that is a really good option to visit this year.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
This museum is one of the biggest in the world. It is situated in the center of New York. There you can find over two million works of art from all over the world.
Vatican Museums, Rome
A very handsome place, wich is beautiful by itself. Every year it gathers near seven million people. There you will see mostly sculptures and paintings, collected for five centuries.
Louvre Abu Dhabi
Quite new museum, which always provides modern art exhibitions. Architecture of this place is also contemporary and minimalistic.